main_pages/about-en.md, before:

---
layout: page
titles:
  # @start locale config
  en      : &EN       About
  # @end locale config
key: page-about
permalink: /about/
lang: en
---

Undergraduate student majoring in Bio-convergence. 
You may call me Tope in the online community.
<br>

### Currently,
I'm in the midst of a two-year hiatus from my school life, fulfilling my commitment to mandatory national service. 

### Field of Interests
- Now on a quest to uncover what truly captivates me. 
- Among the diverse fields, I found myself fascinated to neurobiology. Learning how nervous system works at a molecular and cellular level is highly intriguing.
- I am keen to comprehend the mathematical principles underlying statistical inference.


### Relevant Coursework (credits) 
In alphabetical order:

- Biochemistry (3 * 2 semester)
- Cell Biology (3 * 2 semester)
- Epigenetics and Human Disease (3)
- Histology (3)
- Molecular Biology (3)
- Molecular Structure Determination Using Spectroscopic Methods (3)
- Nano-Bio Analytical Methods (3)
- Neurobiology (3)
- Neurodegenerative Disorders (3)
- Organic Chemistry (3 * 2 semester)
- Physiology (3)



### Github Stats
<p>
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gaba-tope&layout=compact&bg_color=30,1565C0,b92b27&title_color=fff&text_color=fff&exclude_repo=gaba-tope.github.io&hide=html,css,javascript">
</p>

Commit message:

Added items to about page / Changed a Eng subtitle

main_pages/about-en.md, after:

---
layout: page
titles:
  # @start locale config
  en      : &EN       About
  # @end locale config
key: page-about
permalink: /about/
lang: en
---

Undergraduate student majoring in Bio-convergence. 
You may call me Tope in the online community.
<br>

### Currently,
I'm in the midst of a two-year hiatus from my school life, fulfilling my commitment to mandatory national service. 

### Field of Interests

- Now on a **quest to uncover what truly captivates me**. 
- Among the diverse fields, I found myself fascinated to **neurobiology**. Learning how nervous system works at a molecular and cellular level is highly intriguing.
- I am keen to comprehend the mathematical principles underlying **statistical inference**. 
- In my spare time, I study and think how the **concept of human rights** can be defined and philosophically justified. 
- **Data visualization** is one of my hobbies. Some of the works can be found in [Archive page](https://gaba-tope.github.io/archive/?tag=Visualization){:target='_blank'}, [my Tidytuesday repository](https://www.github.com/gaba-tope/tidytuesday){:target='_blank'}, or [my personal visualization repository](https://www.github.com/gaba-tope/Visualizations){:target='_blank'}.  

### Relevant Coursework (credits) 
In alphabetical order:

- Biochemistry (3 * 2 semester)
- Cell Biology (3 * 2 semester)
- Epigenetics and Human Disease (3)
- Histology (3)
- Molecular Biology (3)
- Molecular Structure Determination Using Spectroscopic Methods (3)
- Nano-Bio Analytical Methods (3)
- Neurobiology (3)
- Neurodegenerative Disorders (3)
- Organic Chemistry (3 * 2 semester)
- Physiology (3)



### Github Stats
<p>
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gaba-tope&layout=compact&bg_color=30,1565C0,b92b27&title_color=fff&text_color=fff&exclude_repo=gaba-tope.github.io&hide=html,css,javascript">
</p>
